| Boolean heuristic | Yes | No| 
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| tx_extra includes encrypted PID | A | B | 
| tx_extra includes unencrypted PID | C | D |
| tx_extra includes unknown field | E | F |
| unlock_time > 0 | G | H | 
| decoy selection matches core algo | I | J |
| fee selection matches core algo | K | L |
| ... | ... | ... |

Notes:
-  These transaction characteristics are visible on-chain, so anybody with a copy of the ledger can note the fingerprint string for every transaction.
-  At the current network version, all transactions generated by the core wallet should have fingerprint `F0 = ADFHIK`.
-  An `F0` fingerprint does not necessarily indicate use of core software (since other wallets should mimic `F0`). However the appearance of a non-`F0` signature __does__ indicate the use of non-core software.
-  `F0` changes during some network upgrades, and is thus a function of version/time/block height. 
-  It may be helpful to consider the difference fingerprint (`D`) which returns only characteristics where the transaction deviates from the core software during that era, or returns 0 if the signature matches the core software. So in the current era (`F0 = ADFHIK`) a transaction that is constructed normally except for a non-zero lock time would have a difference fingerprint `D  = 000G00 = G`
-  Within a given era, `length(unique({fingerprints}))` provides a lower bound on the number of different types of software in use.
-  Numeric values may be added after relevant Y/N, for example `ADFG3IK` indicating that the unlock time was 8 blocks. In 2020 common unlock times include 0 (core software), 1, 3, 4, and 12. Depending on the nature of your analysis it may make sense to keep the `ADFG3IK` transactions separate from the `ADFG12IK` transactions.
-  See my Konferenco talk ([Visualizing Monero: A Figure is Worth a Thousand Logs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIrqyxU3k5Q)) for more details on software fingerprinting, anonymity puddles, and linking transactions by their fees and decoy selection algorithm. 
